thanks I mean yes I know how long have
you been on you know me w here a year
and about four years old but I think it
starts coming to people's attention a
lot of people say about a year ago so
there is a massive wave of people coming
on at this time of year and I'll be the
same again this year really interesting
program looking into it like about three
years maybe like just started it was at
that time but I didn't have time to put
it together but now now that my video so
it's going to be it's going to be great
I mean I already know that you know I
have it all lines I just need to do
actually yeah yes if anybody's in the
sidebar of opened up your seat so jump
jump in shares discuss its open seats
they're coming back to your question is
talking about so I know people in the
natural health industry and now you know
teachings or so you can become sort of
principles and that sort of right now I
don't i i i teach people how to get
nutrients into their body what what
nutrients gonna work best for dealing
with my history of that have a lot of
people mostly at work with people who
are like I was the last war so people
who have some of my clients were told to
go home and I and then my job was to do
cedar prolong their life and then in the
end
little by little at least eight people
just get healthier how hear how the
install go away
and i've seen miracles afternoon so I
don't just I am NOT I'm not I don't
promote a way of EDI individual what's
gonna work with that first thing
depending on what the hell yeah I think
obviously there's already a massive
market for this stuff so you know
whether it is a market on you to me on
the home ice with this subject becomes
almost irrelevant in the sense that you
know the market is gonna come to you
what's happening is you know people are
coming to you to man up on programming
course trees is a great example you know
he's in decide that you know she teaches
you how to make sourdough bread you know
you can't get him on each than that but
she's already issued a great following
she's brought that business to you to me
now I don't know what are you gonna grow
beyond where it started so when it
started out it was a lost heck
programming to make sense but it's
expanding beyond that and as more and
more people I'm just going to change the
subject here as more and more people
come on the market can grow yes I'm
gonna grow so you know I think you know
with your courses I would you know what
I would do well is why I wouldn't
necessarily in your instance create a
free course at the beginning to think
you've already got the audience I think
I would get strikes up a course yeah and
you know then you can you continue to
upsell you know the courses as you
create but I think what you said earlier
the way you said how to treat migraines
that's the course yeah yeah you know
deal with this health issue have to deal
with the health issue how to get my
whole thing is simple and easy in fact
make things simple thing I get people to
wear and it's very straightforward so
that's my whole expertise to simplifying
things for people taking taking the
complication out of people get very
confused and they're usually in many
ways so I have to do a lot of people
like taking them from maybe 19 senate
like meditation the only way surgery is
the only way to quickly understand that
this this other way is what we works now
I think everything is well known as
you've got an opportunity right now so
only one each
yeah and that's that's the thing with
you to make a potential to own in each
if you buy first-to-market some extent
so maybe there's not a competition if
there isn't I i dont worry about that
particular let my antiques cause is not
my best seller I put on there and it's
regularly because you know you know and
then she call on you to me that's very
niche business but it still sells so but
there is the reason people are doing
very well with health and fitness center
is a marketplace on this definitely
interested in seeing you know how you
are you going to get this right away I I
have a lady here actually she's an
amazing she teaches you how to do it or
wherever somewhere in your house and
into a 60 you know what the right
lighting and probably different than
what you do but I'm sure you yeah yeah I
i my you too because creation course I
teach
people green screen techniques so you
know how to use green screen to source
take it up to that next level right now
filming with green screen so you know
just teaching teaching people how to do
this type of stuff
remains will cause ya
anybody's and decide you want to jump in
say hi to see if you people here so I
say hi to a few people being nice to see
that Christie I do I do come on a lot of
BIDU because it's really powerful for
educational market
ok yeah so I hear ya so yeah it's really
really excited is educational muxing now
we all heard about content marketing but
as a step beyond content content
marketing
Dry Creek content found it really
difficult compete in such because of the
competition piece of content that
education marketing is extremely
powerful because people if you can
educate people for free they will buy
your free course side during
consultations Q&A days like that I
didn't want to ask you to me answer the
questions help them out and you know
people then great but of course sign up
educational boxing so powerful and you
too many things like labs or hang out
labs you to me bloods I really I just a
platform about a week ago and so i'm
just i'm just amazed again and I T I am
amazed how many people around
here Mart sharing knowledge this is a
really great but the key is noel is is
not content sharon is educational mark
saying that's the key
that's why it's really hot right now is
educational mounting just get in on an
educated people